index.md, before:

---
layout: default
---

<a href="https://bobgwilson.github.io/bob-wilson-resume-computer-science.pdf" target="_blank">résumé</a> |
[email](mailto:bobgwilson.cs@gmail.com) |
<a href="https://bobgwilson.itch.io/" target="_blank">Game Development Portfolio</a> |
<a href="http://www.bobwilsonanimation.com/" target="_blank">Animation Portfolio</a> |
<a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/bobgwilson/" target="_blank">LinkedIn</a>

## Bob Wilson, Computer Science and Game Development Student
Hi, I'm an experienced animator seeking to transition into more technical roles by studying Computer Science and Game Development at Michigan State University.
I'm seeking internships in software engineering, game programming, technical animation, or animation engineering. 

## Michigan State University
I'm pursuing a Bachelor of Science in Computer Science with a Concentration in Multimedia and Graphics,
and a Minor in Game Design and Development.
My expected graduation date is December 2027.


## Recent Internships
I recently completed Software Engineering Internships at General Motors, Freight Verify, and Skydio.


## Previous Career in Animation

Before deciding to study computer science and pursue a more technical career, I worked as an animator in Feature Animation (Pixar, DreamWorks), Visual Effects (Industrial Light & Magic, Digital Domain, MPC, Tippett), and Games (PlayStation, Electronic Arts).

Commit message:

updated grad date and info about Will Winn Games

index.md, after:

---
layout: default
---

<a href="https://bobgwilson.github.io/bob-wilson-resume-computer-science.pdf" target="_blank">résumé</a> |
[email](mailto:bobgwilson.cs@gmail.com) |
<a href="https://bobgwilson.itch.io/" target="_blank">Game Development Portfolio</a> |
<a href="http://www.bobwilsonanimation.com/" target="_blank">Animation Portfolio</a> |
<a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/bobgwilson/" target="_blank">LinkedIn</a>

## Bob Wilson, Computer Science and Game Development Student
Hi, I'm an experienced animator seeking to transition into more technical roles by studying Computer Science and Game Development at Michigan State University.

I'm a Unity Certified User: Programmer working as a Game Development Intern at Will Winn Games, programming C# in Unity for the upcoming game BlastBall: All-Stars.

I'm seeking internships in software engineering, game programming, technical animation, or animation engineering. 

## Michigan State University
I'm pursuing a Bachelor of Science in Computer Science with a Concentration in Multimedia and Graphics,
and a Minor in Game Design and Development.
My expected graduation date is May 2027.


## Recent Internships
I recently completed Software Engineering Internships at General Motors, Freight Verify, and Skydio.


## Previous Career in Animation

Before deciding to study computer science and pursue a more technical career, I worked as an animator in Feature Animation (Pixar, DreamWorks), Visual Effects (Industrial Light & Magic, Digital Domain, MPC, Tippett), and Games (PlayStation, Electronic Arts).
